OSDF Installation.

Requirements
=====================================================================
  - Node.js 0.8.x or more better
  - CouchDB 1.0.x or more better
  - ElasticSearch 0.18 or better
  - ElasticSearch CouchDB river plugin (bundled in the Debian/Ubuntu
    package file, or via a separate RPM for RedHat/CentOS systems)

Procedure
=====================================================================

1. Ensure that CouchDB has an administrative account set up and that the
server is secured. When you browse to CouchDB's web interface, called Futon",
you should NOT see "Admin Party" at the lower right corner of the interface.
You will need to know the CouchDB admin credentials to proceed with completing
the OSDF installation.

2. Create a CouchDB database called "osdf". This is easily accomplished via
the "Futon" web interface. Browse to your Futon's address. For example, if on
localhost, you would browse http://localhost:5984/_utils/. There should be a
"Create Database..." button near the top of the browser screen. Create a
database called "osdf".

3. Create a CouchDB account for both the OSDF application to use as well as
the ElasticSearch engine as well. OSDF provides a script to ease the creation
of CouchDB accounts under /bin/couchdb/new_couch_user.sh. Make a note of
the username and password chosen. For the account 'role', we recommend that
"osdf" be entered.

  $ bin/couchdb/new_couch_user.sh

4. Create the CouchDB design documents needed by OSDF. OSDF comes bundled with
the generate_design_docs.js script in the /bin/couchdb directory. Run the
script and specify the address for CouchDB, the administrative usernmae, the
name of the database (typically "osdf"), and the CouchDB port number. THe
script will also prompt you for the CouchDB administrative password. The
password will not be echoed to the screen as it is entered.

  $ bin/couchdb/generate_design_docs.js --address localhost \

5. Install the ElasticSearch river to feed off of changes from the CouchDB
server. If the both the ElasticSearch and CouchDB servers are installed on the
"localhost" with the default ports, and the CouchDB database is named "osdf",
then the curl command to install the river would be: 

$ curl -X PUT 'http://localhost:9200/_river/osdf/_meta' \
  -d '{ "type" : "couchdb",
        "couchdb" : {
            "user" : "<USER>",
            "password" : "<PASSWD>",
            "host" : "localhost",
            "port" : 5984,
            "db" : "osdf",
            "filter" : null,
            "ignore_attachments": true
        } }'

Ensure you use the CouchDB username and password that you created in step #3
instead of the literal "<USER>" and "<PASSWD>" seen in the example command
above.
